README.md, before:

Welcome to Rock - Paper - Scissors!

v1.1
Added a function which makes user-input case-sensitive.

v1.0
The game is now basically working. You play one game of five rounds.
Every round your input is asked by a prompt. The computer chooses randomly.
Rock beats Scissors and is beaten by Paper.
Paper beats Rock and is beaten by Scissors.
Scissors beat Paper and are beaten by Rock.
All output is in the console. 
After every round, you see what you and your opponent chose and the current score.
At the end of the game you are informed about the final score an whether you won,
lost or got a tie.
If you want to play again, simply reload the page.
Currently no error-catching is implemented and the input is case-sensitive! So pay
attention to what you are typing! Type the words as you see them in the prompt, without
the quotation marks (e.g. Rock). If you mistype or cancel no result will be calculated
for this round and neither you or the computer will receive any points.
Have fun and enjoy the game!

Commit message:

Added error messages for wrong and falsy values and updated README.md accordingly.

README.md, after:

Welcome to Rock - Paper - Scissors!

v1.2
Added error messages for no input/cancel and misspelling. Only if a correct value is 
entered the round will be played out now.

v1.1
Added a function which makes user-input case-sensitive.

v1.0
The game is now basically working. You play one game of five rounds.
Every round your input is asked by a prompt. The computer chooses randomly.
Rock beats Scissors and is beaten by Paper.
Paper beats Rock and is beaten by Scissors.
Scissors beat Paper and are beaten by Rock.
All output is in the console. 
After every round, you see what you and your opponent chose and the current score.
At the end of the game you are informed about the final score and whether you won,
lost or got a tie.
If you want to play again, simply reload the page.
Currently no error-catching is implemented and the input is case-sensitive! So pay
attention to what you are typing! Type the words as you see them in the prompt, without
the quotation marks (e.g. Rock). If you mistype or cancel no result will be calculated
for this round and neither you or the computer will receive any points.
Have fun and enjoy the game!
